Got it — this screenshot explains the next issue:

What’s happening

You successfully built a frontend (those dist/assets/index-*.js and .css files look like a Vite/React build).

But when you run:

npm start

NPM says:

> Missing script: "start"



That means your package.json does not have a "start" script, and also (most likely) you don’t actually have a backend server to “start” — you only have static files in dist/.

So right now, there is nothing to run with tsx index.ts, because this isn’t a Node server project — it’s a static site build.


---

Fix options (choose the right one)

✅ Option 1 (Most likely): You’re deploying a static site

If this is a Vite app, you should publish it as a Static Site (not a Web Service).

Build command

npm install && npm run build

Run command ➡️ Leave blank (static sites don’t run a process)

Then point the host to:

Publish directory: dist


This is the correct setup for “Vite → dist”.


---

✅ Option 2: You want a Node server (Express/Fastify/etc.)

Then you need an actual server entry file (like src/server.ts) and a start script.

Example package.json scripts:

{
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "vite",
    "build": "vite build",
    "start": "node server.js"
  }
}

…but you’d also need to create server.js (or server.ts) and have it listen on process.env.PORT.


---

✅ Option 3: Quick “static preview” run command (not recommended for real prod)

If your host forces a run command and you just want it to serve the dist folder:

Add to package.json

"scripts": {
  "start": "vite preview --host 0.0.0.0 --port $PORT"
}

Then in hosting:

Build: npm install && npm run build

Run: npm start


This works on many hosts, but a true static-site deploy is cleaner.


---

What to change on your “Publishing” screen

Right now you have:

Run command: tsx index.ts ❌ (no backend file)

Build command: empty ❌


If it’s a Vite static app, change to:

Build command

npm install && npm run build

Run command ✅ blank (or use the vite preview method above if blank isn’t allowed)


---

Fast confirmation check (no guessing)

Open your package.json and look at "scripts".

If you see "dev": "vite" and "build": "vite build" → it’s a static Vite app.

If you see "start": "node ..." or "start": "tsx ..." → it’s meant to be a server.


If you paste your package.json scripts section here, I’ll tell you exactly which option fits and what to paste into Build/Run on that host.